[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
THE LAKE
You can take your hand luggage
on the bus with you.
And the rest of your stuff goes down here.
What if XANA attacks while we're away?
After a week of working day and night
on the program
I think we deserve this weekend,
don't you?
It'll be the first time
we go camping together too.
What program are you talking about?
Aelita thought we should shore up
the protection shields on the Skid.
-We haven't tested it yet though.
-You two are incredible, really.
As if we didn't have
enough homework…
[screams]
Della Robbia, weren't you listening?
You've gotta store the suitcase.
You said that carry-on was okay.
Look, I'm carrying it, Jim.
Sissi, what are you doing
with all that stuff?
It's my baggage, Jim.
You were told to only take
what was strictly necessary.
Now get a move on,
and take all that junk back to your room.
But Jim, my party dresses,
my shoes and all my makeup.
[Sissi] I can't possibly go without them.
And my hairdryer too.
Now listen, Elisabeth.
This is a camping trip
and it's only two days.
Your bicycle too should be left at home.
Do you want me to tell the principal,
my father,
that sports activities are being
discouraged on school trips?
[exhales]
All right, but make it snappy now.
-You're kidding, Odd!
-What's wrong?
How could I leave Kiwi in his room
while we're getting fresh air?
Speaking of being cooped up,
Yumi got stuck with a test this weekend.
Not one. I've got two tests today.
You lucky dogs.
I wish I were on that bus with you.
I'd have loved to sneak you on,
but we got a lucky dog already.
You know who I'm talking about.
Well,
the torture session's about to start.
I'll speak to you later. Thanks, Ulrich.
[theme music]
Elisabeth! Put that strap higher up.
Seat belts weren't meant for puppy dogs.
-[Kiwi barks]
-Huh?
[shushes]
Quiet Kiwi,
or they'll know you're here.
Well, somebody looks very guilty.
What do you got inside there?
In there?
Um… Some things to keep with me
on the trip, like…
-[Jim nods]
-Oh, imagine that!
It must be that stray dog
that everybody
saw running around near the campus.
He sneaked on the bus, I guess.
You went and bought him
a collar marked "Della Robbia."
No, it's… just a coincidence.
He must belong to a very distant cousin.
There are plenty of Della Robbias.
It's a common name, like Morales, or…
Knock it off.
All animals are forbidden anywhere
and everywhere on school grounds.
That's great because
we're not at school now are we, Jim?
Don't try to be a wise guy with me,
Della Robbia.
You've been caught red handed.
[Jim] As soon as we get back, you have
an appointment with the principal!
Quiet please.
For this exam all you need is
a sharpened pencil
and your logic and concentration.
You're lucky. As a computer program
this math test should be
a real piece o' cake.
What's a math test and a piece o' cake?
Hold it! Slow down!
[sniffing]
I told you not to keep him on a leash.
Oh yeah? What if he bit
one of the other kids? What then?
Here we are. This will be our home
and our laboratory for the weekend.
An unspoiled haven
for all lovers of flora.
A field trip to a true garden of Eden.
In short,
an ecosystem unequalled
in the region.
And you are looking right at it.
What? That microscopic island is
where we're gonna camp?
If you think that's small,
wait until you see the rubber dinghies.
[indistinct chatter]
I was afraid of this.
I can't get a signal here.
I won't be able to access
the Supercomputer.
Don't worry, for the time being
I can still call out. I'll tell Yumi.
Rats! The factor of minus x
was the right answer.
Looks like I'm in for another lousy grade.
[phone rings]
Inferno here. Everything okay in paradise?
Not really.
Jeremy can't seem to get on line.
You're gonna have to check regularly
to see what's happening on Lyoko.
You've gotta be kidding. I've got
a huge French test in five minutes and…
Hello?
That's it. I've been cut off.
-But I think she got my meaning.
-Are you sure?
[classmate] Hurry up, Yumi!
Be right there.
I've gotta… go to the bathroom.
[theme music]
Remember to pitch your tents
very carefully,
because if you don't,
the smallest gust of wind
and poof! Down it'll come.
Actually, that reminds me
of when I was living in a teepee
in the desert near New Mexico.
Jim, this might not be the right time.
You don't know what you're missing,
Suzanne.
Anyway, I want you all
to read the instructions
for the setting up
of your tents before you start
if you don't wanna find yourselves
up the creek without a paddle.
Now, get going!
-Do you know how to set this up?
-Yeah sure, no problem.
Follow the instructions,
and just holler if you need any help.
But… Thanks a lot.
Ulrich, honey,
I thought maybe we could pitch our tents
side by side
so we can talk together tonight.
Sorry, Sissi, but I didn't come camping
to gossip or talk about clothes.
I'd rather sleep.
Hey, Sissi!
Well, I would be glad to set
up my tent next to yours for tonight.
-Sure, Herb.
-Really? Oh, that's fabulous, fantastic!
By the way, where's your tent?
Right there.
Let me know when you've set it up.
There's nothing we can do.
Without a connection,
it's totally useless.
Let's just hope that XANA doesn't take
advantage of it.
Relax, Jeremy.
Yumi is watching the store at home.
Okay, now let's see…
[computer whirring]
[Mrs. Hertz] The flower called
the campanula insularis
can only survive
on small islands such as this one
since it's protected from ruminants
by a barrier of water.
So, in your opinion,
what would happen if the lake dried up?
We would be able to walk home.
[groans]
[electricity crackling]
Well, everything seems okay.
No open window, no activated tower…
I might even get higher
than an F on my French test.
[beeping]
No! I guess that's that.
Still no connection.
Are they on a desert island or what?
[Mrs. Hertz] The presence of so much
campanula insularis contributes in turn
to the proliferation of a rare
species of butterfly
as we will soon see here in the woods.
[Nicolas] I don't see what was so funny.
I mean, what's the use of a boat
if there isn't any more water?
Hey, there's a lot of pollution
in this lake.
[girl screams]
[electricity crackling]
Help!
Hurry up, come quickly, Jim, Mrs. Hertz!
[tense music]
He's in a state of shock,
but he's breathing.
There was this thing in the lake.
It was black,
it shot a lightning bolt at Nicolas
and then it was gone.
It must have been an electric eel.
[Jim] I've seen them before.
When I was a forest ranger in Quebec--
Jim, enough chatter!
Make yourself useful
and go get the first aid kit.
Right away, Suzanne.
It wasn't an eel,
it was much bigger, it was huge!
Ma'am, I really think
we're in great danger here.
Now, don't worry, Jeremy.
These things happen.
Nicolas will be just fine.
-[electricity crackles]
-[children scream]
[Kiwi barking]
[students]
But what's going on, Jim? We're scared!
Stay where you are,
let me go check it out.
Ah, the ambulance!
[Jim] Suzanne?
What is happening here?
[tense music]
Oh no! XANA's attacking the Skid.
I don't know what to do!
Jeremy, answer please!
[Jeremy] We absolutely have to find
a way to get back to the factory.
[Ulrich] One step off the island means
electrocution for sure.
[Odd] If we create a diversion
maybe one of us could get away.
Okay, you and Ulrich do that,
while we try to get in touch with Yumi.
If we only had an antenna.
Okay, how big an antenna?
[theme music]
[girl screams] It was a horrible monster!
[panicked chatter]
Calm down now.
I don't know what that thing
in the lake is,
but I can tell you
that had better watch it
'cause he's gonna have to deal with me
and sparks will start flying and…
That is…
Well, there already are sparks…
Well, you know what I mean.
Now, to begin with…
We've got to help Mrs. Hertz.
Suzanne…
Say something, Suzanne.
-[all gasp]
-[slap]
[tense music]
No, that's all we need!
The Lady Killer.
Jeremy! About time.
Hey listen, we're here playing Survivor
with an aquatic monster
that likes to electrocute anyone
who comes close to the shore.
Anything on your side?
I'm totally helpless.
The activated tower
is really well protected
and the Skid is in the process
of losing most of its energy.
Does it have many life points left?
At the rate things are going with
the ship, it's gonna be over in no time!
Listen, there's no other choice.
Ready or not, we have to test the program.
Yumi, do you have anything to write with?
I'll dictate what you have to do.
I oughta have a pen,
since I've got a French test right now!
Go on then, shoot.
[Jim] That's the first time I slugged
someone without getting a reaction.
You have to give her mouth to mouth.
[Jim]
Yeah, mouth to mouth, of course.
Jim! You come even a hair closer
and it's the last thing
you'll ever do on this earth. Understand?
Hey, I cured her.
Now, "shift the energy of the lateral
shields to the side under attack."
The left one.
No, the other left one.
Jeremy, what are these commands?
Are you sure it's gonna work?
She'll never make it on her own, Aelita.
Jeremy, we're all set, but we need Aelita.
Yumi, the others are trying
to get to the factory.
Until then, you'd better get things
prepared for going to Lyoko.
Okay.
[theme music]
[Jim] Feeling better?
Yeah, obviously.
Well, you've all been through
an awful shock.
[Odd] Jim!
All right.
What's the matter now?
Help me, Jim! It's my dog!
He's in terrible danger!
Only you can help me save
that poor defenseless animal, Jim!
Okay, I heard you.
Don't overdo it now, Della Robbia.
Look, over there!
[Kiwi barking]
Oh, holy moly…
How did that hound ever get into
a mess like that?
He was playing in the canoe,
and… Well…
A wind came up and carried him away.
Oh, Jim, save my Kiwi!
Well, okay,
but you stay right here, understand?
[laughs softly]
[action music]
[digital whirring]
-[Kiwi barking]
-[Jim] All right doggy, come to Uncle Jim.
Come here, I said!
You hairy hound, get over here!
But… That's that sneaky Ulrich Stern.
[panting]
Come back immediately, will ya!
Stern, I'm responsible for…
[grunts]
Two on one…
Tough guys.
[explosion]
[grunts]
[laser blasts]
[Jim] Stern!
Come back here!
[grunts]
[Ulrich panting]
-[electricity crackles]
-[Ulrich screams]
Come here, you slime ball.
You don't scare me!
I've got rubber soled NASA issue
astronaut space shoes.
-[electricity crackles]
-[Jim moans]
It… smarted just a little.
[Ulrich groans]
Let's see how fast I can pedal.
[action music]
[laser blasts]
There we go. The place needed a cleanup.
[tense music]
I've got good news and bad news.
The good news is that Aelita got through.
My good news is that I finally managed
to get connected to the Supercomputer.
The bad news is that our black,
muddy sludge monster is on the prowl.
[grunts]
You can never beat us, XANA, you hear?
[gasps]
No, William!
You're a Lyoko warrior, you swore to it!
[distorted gasp]
You swear to keep our secret?
-I swear.
-[Jeremy] Good answer, William.
[tense music]
[distorted moan]
[electricity crackles]
-[student] I wanna go home!
-[children screaming]
[Odd] Watch out!
[panicked screaming]
Now if Aelita can just get there in time,
we can launch the program.
[screams]
-You can still change your mind, William.
-Are you kidding?
Well, how do you feel, William?
All ready to take on XANA
and his monsters.
[distorted moan]
[electricity crackling]
[Jeremy screams]
[Jeremy] Why, of course!
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Aelita] The program's almost complete.
Is the Skid beyond hope?
No, not yet.
[distorted grunt]
William…
William, listen, it's me, Yumi.
[distorted exhale]
William!
[grunts]
[distorted laugh]
Okay, it's launched.
[action music]
Well… We should feel proud of ourselves.
Our program is operational.
Yumi,
-how are you doing?
-Aelita, at last!
I can't hold on much longer!
[Aelita] Give me time to set up
a delayed self-virtualization
and I'm there.
[electricity crackling]
[children screaming]
Okay, everybody, hurry it up!
Run to the antenna over there,
it'll be our lightning rod!
[digital whirring]
[action music]
Just in time.
Is something wrong, Yumi?
For a second there,
the real William came back, Aelita.
[Aelita] That means
we'll bring him home someday.
[Jeremy] The electrical discharges
are getting more intense.
Given the enormous rate of ionization
against the dispersion factor
on the ground,
they're going to reach a highly
critical mass in…
Let's see, just about seven minutes.
[Odd] Meaning?
In seven minutes everything on this island
is gonna turn into one big barbecue.
[children screaming]
[ethereal music]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[powering down]
[all gasp]
Hey, Benjamin Franklin.
You think Aelita will remember
to program a return to the past?
[Aelita] Go on, Yumi.
Return to the past now.
[Aelita] So, I regenerated the shield
by activating several towers
for a few seconds at a time,
and that's what saved the Skid.
So that's what you've been doing
while we were gone?
What a fun weekend.
Anyway, it's effective, isn't it?
Obviously, it requires too much energy
to be able to use it all of the time.
Hey, how come you're
so cool all of a sudden, Einstein?
XANA attacks don't scare you anymore?
They're still scary,
but since he never makes the same mistake
a second time, and since
Aelita and I have been working nonstop
for all of this week,
we'd like a little…
-Okay, we get the picture.
-[Odd giggles]
-Hey, what'd you do with Kiwi this time?
-Well, let's say that I found somebody
who learned
what a dog's life really means.
Come on Kiwi, hurry!
I have to get to my exam!
[theme music]